fix(anthropic-vertex): add manual baseURL configuration to fix out of date library (#3088)
Kilo-Org/kilocode: .changeset/big-fans-spend.md

---
"kilo-code": minor
---

> Update baseURL for Vertex Anthropic models to fix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update base URL for Vertex Anthropic models to work around outdated library.
```
